NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/maintenance-expired.adoc

[[maintenance-expired-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Expired Report

> This is an asset management report that shows all assets with maintenance contracts that are expiring within a threshold period, which starts today and extends for the number of days specified in the warning threshold parameter below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an asset management report that shows all assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within a threshold period, which starts today and extends for the number of days specified in the warning threshold parameter below.
```

This report can also show assets with maintenance contracts that have already expired.

The report includes a table that list assets that match the criteria defined by the parameters.
This table is sorted by node and then ordered by expiration date.

> The report includes the node label, manufacturer, title of maintenance contract exists, expiration date and status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report includes the node label, manufacturer, title of maintenance contract exists, expiration date, and status.
```

[[maintenance-expired-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Expired Report

> Asset management report shows all assets with maintenance contracts that are expiring within a threshold period, which starts today and extends for the number of days specified in the Warning Threshold parameter below.  This report can also show assets with maintenance contracts that have already expired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Asset management report shows all assets with maintenance contracts that are expiring within a threshold period, which starts today and extends for the number of days specified in the Warning Threshold parameter below.
This report can also show assets with maintenance contracts that have already expired.
```

> The report includes a table that list assets that match the criteria defined by the parameters.  This table is sorted by node and then ordered by expiration date.  The report includes the node label, manufacturer, maintenance contract, expiration date and status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The report includes a table that list assets that match the criteria defined by the parameters.
This table is sorted by node and then ordered by expiration date.
The report includes the node label, manufacturer, maintenance contract, expiration date and status.
```

// QUESTION: It is not clear what is in the field "maintenance contract" in the report.  Need answer so this is more clear.

> This table also lists the matching assets by manufacturer and includes the following additional information: model number, serial number, date contract expires, operating system, number of days left in contract, date installed and vendor phone number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This table also lists the matching assets by manufacturer and includes the following additional information:

* model number
* serial number
* date contract expires
* operating system
* number of days left in contract
* date installed
* vendor phone number.
```

> This report can be customized with a 3 company logos that are approximately 195px by 50px.  One logo is in the report header, another in the page header and a third in the page footer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This report can be customized with a 3 company logos that are approximately 195px by 50px.
One logo is in the report header, another in the page header and a third in the page footer.
```

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Show Expired Maintenance Contracts
| String

> | Specify true or false.  True will include contracts that have already expired along with assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within the number of days specified for the warning threshold below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Specify true or false.
True will include contracts that have already expired along with assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within the number of days specified for the warning threshold below.
```

| true

| Format for Expire Date
| String
| Specify the format for the expiration date.
| YYYY-MM-DD

> // QUESTION: Not sure why this is here.  Shouldn't the expiration date be stored as a date field?  If so, format is not necessary, unless it is for output.  If it is an output format preference, it should be a more generic parameter.  If all the dates in the maintenance contracts have different formats, then this will be problematic.

Reviewer 2: Probably, though all assets are technically string values

Author: So the dates are stored in Postgres as strings, not dates?

Reviewer 2: Depends on the field. The expiration date asset field is a string.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26419758/168182103-b7934999-8d1c-4ef3-8e3f-ddc8efb72bf6.png)

[[maintenance-expired-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Expired Report

> Asset management report shows all assets with maintenance contracts that are expiring within a threshold period, which starts today and extends for the number of days specified in the Warning Threshold parameter below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an asset management report that shows all assets with maintenance contracts that are expiring within a threshold period, in a range from today to the number of days specified in the Warning Threshold parameter.
```

This report can also show assets with maintenance contracts that have already expired.

The report includes a table that list assets that match the criteria defined by the parameters.
This table is sorted by node and then ordered by expiration date.

> The report includes the node label, manufacturer, maintenance contract, expiration date and status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report includes the node label, manufacturer, maintenance contract, expiration date, and status.
```

// QUESTION: It is not clear what is in the field "maintenance contract" in the report.  Need answer so this is more clear.

This table also lists the matching assets by manufacturer and includes the following additional information:

* model number
* serial number
* date contract expires
* operating system
* number of days left in contract
* date installed

> * vendor phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* vendor phone number
```

> This report can be customized with a 3 company logos that are approximately 195px by 50px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize this report with three company logos that are each approximately 195px by 50px.
```

> One logo is in the report header, another in the page header and a third in the page footer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One logo is in the report header, another in the page header, and a third in the page footer.
```

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Show Expired Maintenance Contracts
| String
| Specify true or false.

> True will include contracts that have already expired along with assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within the number of days specified for the warning threshold below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
True will include contracts that have already expired along with assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within the number of days specified for the warning threshold.
```

| true

| Format for Expire Date
| String
| Specify the format for the expiration date.
| YYYY-MM-DD
// QUESTION: Not sure why this is here.  Shouldn't the expiration date be stored as a date field?  If so, format is not necessary, unless it is for output.  If it is an output format preference, it should be a more generic parameter.  If all the dates in the maintenance contracts have different formats, then this will be problematic.

| Warning Threshold for Contract Expiration
| Integer
| The number of days in the threshold period.
| 20

| Report Format
| Choice
| Dropdown menu with a choice of PDF or CSV
| PDF

| Deliver the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation.
```

| Unchecked

| Schedule the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check this box to create a schedule for the report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Check this box to create a schedule for the report.
```

This report can also show assets with maintenance contracts that have already expired.

The report includes a table that list assets that match the criteria defined by the parameters.
This table is sorted by node and then ordered by expiration date.
The report includes the node label, manufacturer, title of maintenance contract exists, expiration date, and status.

This table also lists the matching assets by manufacturer and includes the following additional information:

* model number
* serial number
* date contract expires
* operating system
* number of days left in contract
* date installed
* vendor phone number

You can customize this report with three company logos (approximately 195px by 50px), in the report header, the page header, and the page footer.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3"]

|===
| Field
| Description
| Default

| Show Expired Maintenance Contracts
| Specify true or false.
True will include contracts that have already expired along with assets with maintenance contracts that will expire within the number of days specified for the warning threshold below.
| true

> | Format for Expire Date

Reviewer: Just verifying that this is indeed "expire" date and not "expiry" date. Might want to request developers to update the name if it is.

* operating system
* number of days left in contract
* date installed

> * vendor phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* vendor phone number
```

> You can customize this report with three company logos (approximately 195px by 50px), in the report header, the page header and the page footer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize this report with three company logos (approximately 195px by 50px), in the report header, the page header, and the page footer.
```
